what my friends did not tell picture
at the beginning
and here are the excerpts from my
first or
meanwhile second snatch training man
It may be the first thing for me
technician but also shit like dog
yes, I have a cold and you notice it
short of the rumors that not 80 kilos
you dare that are so sudden now
yes, a little something on it
I do it and not similar
did not look and so did not
hinbekommen
So I just got a bad cold
but nevertheless I have, of course
now 180 kilo times crossed nothing and the
name definitely wants to be funny
me here with medicine at folkpop
bit and yes now to the video so
My collection was created in I am
now olympic with nothing to install
one of those is snatching
and later when I go to the clean and
job make but first to the theory of
set so now at the moment still
no complete snatch so not on
soil but only from a thing so of
the hip from just not in itself
to get the head
but of course with his hobbies grad
of course that should have been seen
blend beautifully
So yes, not that we are now if
Of course, that's a lot more power from us
More that was a change first
but yes, to theory usually
do you see with your shoulders and one
long neck first you go easy in the
squat from the squat you go explosive
up
she is at the same time shouldering and
neck back
then the elbows come back
So first back then the
shoulder the elbows to the back
then you let yourself down in the moment
The pole fall in a deep squat
red is the arms rushing outward the
perch over the head in a crouch
longest the rod yes and then you go
with a
above sports therefore with an over head
squat from oberhof this is the
theory needs implementation
probably four to five thousand more
This is because repetitions want this
at greater weight here are now 60
I just have kilo
or is it just the fear reasonable
is to jump under it and who the
My position is wrong, we see mine
Feet far too far out
I do not see it now I 'm at it
I would totally act
tear
yes and if I really force it without it
it just makes me wonder
buy high-quality again
creates 65 kilos
but that's not what you think me
I really want to learn because of that
i put every poem under the right
made no sense
and then it does not make sense anymore
had with 50 on the technical race
and then I had to go with it
feels both start again too far
outward
that's a shit so much what you do
must learn again so far to the outside
That's what they're doing right now
Of course, you just have to demolish or
Now I like it
not very good, of course you should
Can we think I should be one
stable one should squat down in the
be too far out but also
obliquely after my friends but for
first or second training but think
I quite quite passable and acceptable and
would say there will be next
time some do that we regularly
trained and always on Saturdays
to the poor
I know myself
and yes then I would say that runs
my friends short update I am
takes a deep breath because he is coming
another clip and then I would
let's say we are mine
friends until then it's good